Hey, Javi.
Hey, Ben.
How are you doing?
Good.
How’s the job going?
Oh, the machine is running great!
Ben, I did have a question
on the specs for the Harrison job.
Can we take a quick look?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
Uh, let’s see here.
Need a hand?
No, I’m good.
I just . . .
Oh, no!
What happened, guys?
We got—we got to do something!
Um, disconnect . . .
OK.
Yeah, yeah, get it going.
Dead
—I’m pretty sure it’s dead.
I would just say that it stopped working.
Whatever you do,
don’t tell Victor what happened.
We just got this set up last month.
Why would it just stop working?
It could happen.
Oh, you can actually smell
the coffee.
I’ll talk to Victor.
Don’t throw yourself under the bus, Man!
We’ll help you get this cleaned up.
No one will have to know.
This is one of the most expensive
units in the shop.
If you take the blame,
you’re just making yourself look bad.
No.
It’s OK.
It was a mistake.
I’ll explain it.
We need to get this back online.
In the end, I think Victor
actually appreciated my honesty.
And he wasn’t the only one.
Mark had some questions,
and we had a great discussion.